Soham Privacy Policy

About

Soham growing application in multimedia market for short video for status. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it carefully.

This page is used to inform mobile/visitors visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at asdasdsa.com , unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

Information you give us. :
For example, many of our services require you to sign up Account. When you do, we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card to store with your account.

Device information :
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Server may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your social Account.

Log information :
When you use our services or view content provided by US, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes:

    details of how you used our service, such as your search queries. telephony log information like your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls. Internet protocol address.
    device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
    cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.

Contents :
We care about copy rights of other contents but some times users add copy righted contents so plese report us to take immediate action and we sure help you in this case. For content that is publicly available, no one can blame for rights so take care of it.

Unique application numbers :
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to our server when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.

contact :
When you are using this application then you are agree with access your contacts withing mobile for good perpose and we promise that we make informatiomn disclose and secure but we share this information to approved third part because they working with this application so don't warry abpout it. We will use this infomaton for reports for better functionalities and improve it.

Local storage :
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.

Cookies

Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent

Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

    To facilitate our Service;
    To provide the Service on our behalf;
    To perform Service-related services; or
    To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy

Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us email.
